Mrs. Zhang, show us the bracelet
Yes, Mrs. Zhang,
show it to everyone
So we won’t misunderstand you
Exactly
Mrs. Zhang
I have to see the bracelet
Who the hell are you
to deserve a look at my bracelet?
Jiang Yu Yong,
what are you doing?
Are you scared?
Are you afraid
that everyone will know you’re a fake?
What are you planning?
You don’t even need to see my bracelet
I have to say, you’ve got some nerve
Still claiming that this is your bracelet
Exactly,
still in denial, huh?
What a liar
Shameless
You’re all talking nonsense
When my husband comes
he’ll fire all of you
Mrs. Zhang, call
Mr. Zhang right now
You don’t believe me either?
Just to verify
Fine
I’ll call Zhang Wen Xu right now
He’ll come here
And you better not touch anything
Hello, dear,
what’s going on?
Mr. Li
shouldn’t we go help Miss Jian?
Tell me
Why did Zhang Wen Xu
bring Jiang Yu Yong?
Because...
to gather information on this bidding project?
Then use the lowest price
to win the project
Right,
but that’s against the bidding rules
Privately contacting clients
is a violation
The entire amount would be confiscated
Zhang Wen Xu put all his assets
into this bidding project
If I catch him in the act
He’ll go bankrupt
They think they’re clever
But this will be their grave